[00:00] Okay, after about two hours of troubleshooting and tuning, we're back to pick up where we left off and, uh, um, I think it's working now. So, just let me show you where this is at. Okay, so I took the, um, metrics consistency check out of the data pipeline. and now it's set up to just run separate. So you can run it here. Okay and it tells you here now it found only one inconsistent one. I don't know whether this was done this before or not. There is now a reference. Okay so there's a reference CSV. This reference CSV is created with another function. So this is all pretty manual. You can create the reference here. I think it's set up to create from a Abrome, so that's the reference one. I copied these to all be the same at the Google sheet level but only for the pub version. I didn't prop back-propagate it to the PHI and the deID non pub version and then from the pub version I extracted to the download of the XLS X is again, and then I uploaded those to the repo, and then ran the

[01:28] CSV curated CSV creation, both the regular one, for all of them, except FLMP and then the FLMP one. So remember this has a single mode for troubleshooting, single-site mode, and then all the sites together. Okay so you know the key change in just while I'm at documenting this was the identification of the section titles. Well this one is weird because it's in this column D because it has extra columns because they're combined. But the key thing was that I just simply added this explicit tag for the section here. That just makes it easier because for some of them I don't know let me see yeah for something that I put this here and this mess things up and it's helpful to see this not available. I feel like people will miss it if it's over here even though it says for all these fields, all these different ones not available. So now the code explicitly looks in column C for either details or section and if it finds that then it classifies that it says okay you're starting a new section. Okay so So that's all sorted.

[02:39] You can do this comparison, this check, although unless you recreate the CSBs, you won't need to. So that's all done now. And yeah, I guess this is a little walkie because now we need to come over here. We're going to come run this one and then we're going to come back and run the, add this. It's a little kludged, but it should work. And even here, we run this in a little bit weird order, well actually, let me ask a going to do an ask. So for this code, does the insert plots into all markdowns?

[03:42] Does that create the plots? Or do I need to do the manually run the runoff pilot plots first? And then do the insert plots into all markdowns? And if that's a case, why not move the the insert plots into summary markdown files until after the runoff pilot plots? Because that would make more sense in terms of order of operations, okay, so I'm just trying to understand how this works again. So this says I shouldn't need to run the insert plots in all Americans and not create the plots yet, okay, that makes sense. But the runoff pilot plots does the insert. Okay, So for the runoff pilot plots, if the run mode is set to markdown only, that will not recreate the plots, it will only insert them into the markdown, is that correct?

[04:56] And then what happens if I do the run mode to styled prototypes, original? What are those? what a styled prototypes and original do for the run mode.

[06:12] Oh, sorry, I left this going. Okay, insert these explanations for the modes into the, into the comment, into the dox string for this function, just so it's clear. And then actually also just insert them into the, into the M run, with the red mode set to each one and with the comment afterwards and then comment them all out except the markdown only. Okay, so that should just make it more clear. So we don't have to do that by hand, I think that's like obsolete now.

[07:25] So in that case, I could delete that, but I'm just gonna leave it for now. Okay, so I just confirmed I had to explain these options. So, if you're one to troubleshoot or tweak the selected style, then you could run this without inserting them into the markdown. But if you want to recreate the plots using the selected style, which is B, and insert into markdown, you leave a certain markdown true, run mode styled, and this should do exactly that. It doesn't take long to recreate the plots in this way. This makes sure the plots are the same as the data.

[08:27] so really for the final run I should recreate the plots. I just thought about a sanity check to do. Okay so that's all done. Let's go look at the pick our usual guinea pig a broom and look at this. Okay so if we go here and we look at the That looks all right, then we should be able to look at like my day, carry, one, one, go, this all looks good. Let's look to aggregate one.

[09:29] Okay. Cool. Okay. So I'm going to I'm gonna do the sanity check and then show it to him and do it and basically what I'm gonna do is cut and paste all the stats into one spreadsheet. Okay, so here's another case of making an update. Well, I'm working on this spreadsheet here compiling all these and I saw this was no positives. That's not available is not what we should use for no positives. It's zero. There are a number of cases with frill just correspondence, so it's the denominator zero. Well actually, now I'm changing my mind. I think the referrals testing correspondence doesn't is in a,

[10:33] It's just not available, it's not applicable, it's not that it's not available, it's not applicable. But for all the rest of them, it is getting a number, like, how do I handle that on FTFC? Let me take a look. Okay, so here's how I handled an FTFC. I think this is the correct way to do it, and then not applicable, yeah, so I'm going do need them the same way because they just didn't have any positives. Same as FTFC. Then that'll be consistent. Okay so I'll just walk through updating this. this is Needham. Okay. Download. Okay, so here's the downloads. I deleted the old version first. So then then drag that that was medium.

[12:03] Okay. Not the patched this one. So I can I'm not going to run them all. I'm just going to run Needham. That's done. Now I can come over here. And this one doesn't take long and I haven't changed anything else, so I can just run this whole thing again. It was probably not awesome to like recreate, keep recreating the plots and inserting them in when I'm only changing one. On one hand, this makes sure that everything's current, but then on the other hand, it reprocesses stuff that I checked, so let me review the need and mark down.

[13:41] So, what I'm looking for here is under, hang on, let me double check something. Okay, I'm just coming down here referral, corresponded to zero, right in these hour, not available. Oh, no, they should just, they should be did not zero now, it should have updated that. Hmm.

[14:44] Let's check this file, yeah this looks correct, it looks like the markdown is updated. Now, why did that be? Let me try to shoot this a second. Oh, it's because I missed this step. I mean, that's why I'm making this video so that I can figure this out while it's fresh in my head and then get it summarized. So, you see, it's these correct, but this, this makes, this does the aggregation and the markdown. This really does everything. And it's pretty fast. So this makes sure everything is current because it draws from the CSVs and creates the markdowns.

[15:54] And does the aggregation. So now we can run the plots again. Then that makes sure the plots are current where this is also pretty fast. So this running these two is just running everything again from the current CSVs. Okay, so now when we go to this and we scroll down, we should see the updates that we made. to referral testing. Yep. See, zeros. These were not available. This is to non-zero. Okay. Perfect. So that's working. Now I'm going to go back to my sanity check. Okay.

[17:02] I'm still doing some detailed troubleshooting here. I'm tracking what I'm doing. The top line numbers are adding up. Here's the hand compilation. and now I'm going through this, it's not summing the ones that have not available so I'm telling you to change those to zero. So getting there. Okay, so I finished updating the code to create a reference file for the comparison of the values from the aggregate and then I pasted those values in here All right, inserted some cells to give the spacing and then I did a subtraction and they all match. So that's good. And then the code is doing this as well now. There's a function to do the comparison. It's right here. If we run this, it's gonna tell me there's zero discrepancies.

[18:02] And I think it did something like a 10% comparison. and so that could be tuned. I'm not going to mess with that right now. This works now. I guess I'll just run this again just to make sure we got the latest code and it's all running so that should just the aggregation creates even yet another zip. I'm moving the old ones up, okay so these all, I'm gonna move up to my git ignore because I just don't want to blow my git with the remote repo with too many of these, they're not huge but they're not small. This was the other, I'll get this one out of the way as well.

[19:13] Okay, now this is the only current zip. Let me run this again to just double check it. Okay. Now, I think everything's good. I think there is one more thing to run. So, we've already run the plots, I think. Am I getting the order here, right? Do I need I need to run the plots now and it's gonna insert the plots. Yeah, insert into markdown, what mode selected style B, the mode is styled. It's gonna write all of them.

[20:32] I wanna ask AI something, I wanna say, okay, consider this Python module and in the way that I'm running it, will it update the plots? I mean, I know that it's going to overwrite the PNG and PDFs, but then when it inserts them into the markdown, well, it, I guess the markdowns are just referencing those PNG files in the underscore plots, as long as the core files are updated and overwritten, then the markdowns will reference the correct updated files and the references to the markdowns they should need to get updated but I think they would be is that correct how is that updating of the markdowns done okay I think I answered my own questions.

[21:41] I was doing this. I'll be in there. The key one is to aggregate. I think it's all good. Okay, so let's assume it is. There's going to answer some of the second. Then there should be just one more thing to do, which is to create the extended CSVs. I'm There is no such thing as extended CSVs, it's been a long push here, I thought this was going to be quick, it's been about five hours. Jeez. Okay, so one more Python module. Where is it? Oh, you know what? But I think it's not another Python module.

[22:46] I think it's just another function in here. Yep, that's right. OK, so one's run it. OK, so that's done. Let's see here, where did that go? OK, so that's here. So here are the extended zips and what the extended are is the ones with the MDs and the plots as well, yeah and then that's all of them, okay, so that's it, I think the data is done. Data done. Fingers crossed. I don't find errors and have to propagate it, but if I do, the last video on this one show how along with also troubleshooting.

[23:51] Commit this, check this off, and breathe a big sigh relief, okay.