[00:00] Okay, I'm gonna go through a change to the Google Sheets and propagation of that all the way through the data pipeline. Uhm, this is partially for my future self and it's just partially so I can pull the transcript and create an explanation from it. Uhm, so I'm gonna try to make sure I don't show any PHI over here. So I have the pub version file open here. And, uhm, here's the change I just made. Changing this agree positives, which was not very clear, to this. And now, this is a chain. Changing the stats tab, so I need to change this, uh, everywhere. Let me pause. Okay, I got things all arranged now.

[01:01] So, here is the, kind of, index and map to these files. There are ten of them that I'm going to change, because I'm changing the stats tab. And in all of these, it's the APS except for Davey, which is the RSR. And then the stats tab is in the STS for Kenton FDFC. And then it's the same for the PHI version. then there is a third version that I also need to change. Uhm, and that is the DID non-pub version. So I'll show that one. Let me go through and change all these pub ones first. Did I just, Which one did I just change this on? Is it a broom? Is it Kent?

[02:03] Nope. Stats. Was it Rosa? Agree, positives, nope. Where did I change that? Let me pause this for a second and find it. Okay, I found it. It was in Combate. All right, so all I'm going to do is just copy this and paste and come over and just change it everywhere here. Okay, super easy change. Agree, positives becomes this. This is a good one to do a demo of because there's no calculations. A little opportunity. Ooh, I have an extra note here. Let me see if I want to include that. Yeah, this is a good example. Okay, where was that one? Let's fix this up.

[03:10] Let's just make it like that. Okay, so now I need to propagate this everywhere. Let me delete that. What did I do? I just made a mistake over there. This should be good now. And just go through, propagate this. It's tedious. Uh, That was the one that it came from. These comments are specific to the site or the file. Oh, gotta make sure I do it in the right place. Here.

[04:29] I think this is the last one. Okay. That's weird. Okay. Well, anyway, now it's changing all the pub files. So now let me go get the PHI ones. Okay, now I already went through and made sure that the Stats tab was selected for these, so I shouldn't expose any actual PHI, but the whole point, The, the order of these files is the

[05:40] PHI to the DEID non-pub version, and that one then will have the change history, uhm, from the PHI to the DEID, so technically you could go in the history and roll back and see PHI, uhm, and then and then that's, what I do is then copy that regular DEID with the non-pub version to a clean copy, and then that I label with underscore pub, which then should not have any PHI either in the live or in the history. Uhm, and when, when you do that process, uhm, you create anew. Google Sheet, and therefore a new link, so if you discover that you have PHI in the pub version, uhm, then you gotta go back to the non-pub DEID version, cause it'll probably be there as well, change it, then make a copy of that, delete the old DEID underscore pub version, and then, you know, read rename the new one instead of copy of DEID, it'll be, uhm, no copy of and DEID underscore pub, but then you also need to replace the links in, in here, and then you further need to then save this out as a csv.

[07:11] Well, actually it's not this. It's this, so you'll need to change this because when you save this as a csv, with the chips, it doesn't save the urls, so you need to get this urls, and then this is used in, in the code by the Python code to populate links. in the markdown files for the sites, so that's important. Okay, now that I've explained that, uhm, I'm not going to need to do that here because I'm not making a PHI fix, I'm just making, if you make just a number or formula, uhm, or a field description fix, then, then you don't need to re, recreate the, the pub version and replace, uhm, URLs. But you do need to, eh, eh, eh, depending on what the change is, there are a few changes I've made to the only pub, only to the pub version just for expediency.

[08:16] This one I'm going to make to all three of the Google Sheets, the PHI, by the DEID and the DEID pub. So I've made them all. So the, the pub ones, and now I'm going to go through and make them all here. Should be fast. I just click. Oops. I just exposed some PHI with, it's just email addresses. Um, and that's because I clicked on the wrong file. Okay. Here's this. So you gotta be careful. Here. Okay. PHI. Okay. Got to go all the way over here to this one. Okay. And this one. Okay. So I set these up so it would already be on the stats tab. This one. Thank you. I should be counting these. That's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10.

[09:37] Okay. Now, what I need to do is, I'm going to go through one by one. I'm just going to go through them in this order and this is the folder that the non, uh, non-PubDEID version. Now, these actually should, um, not have any PHI and I'll just click right over to it anyway. So I should just be able to do this on camera. Okay, so I did that. That's done. It's not a broom. I don't know. Okay. This is tedious, right? But shouldn't take too long. Just got to make sure I put it the right file.

[10:43] Oh, I'm going to need to replace these XLS files. Um, Okay, I just need to stay focused on this task. This is a big one. I'm not worried that this number, that this is red now. It's interesting that these are showing true, but it's still red. Uhm, because I did make some changes, uhm, to some formulas. These yellow ones and some other things.

[11:46] Count if false. Oh, there's some false ones down I stopped paying attention to this a little while ago because I just didn't want to keep it updated. Go back here. Here. Now this one. Uh, it looks like I don't have the non-DEID version for Davey because it's kind of like a weird one. And I think there's not PHI in here anyway, except for like some email address for, uhm, the admin. So I think that one is okay I don't have that one okay that's important to remember okay close this part of the reason I'm showing this is because just this one also doesn't have that it's just has the two and so I think that's gonna be the case for Kent as well Yeah,

[13:15] Kent. It's the same as FTC They're weirdos. This one will have it and I think the next one will as well One more Okay, now what I need to do is I need to go through all these And I need to download their xlsx One Two I shouldn't have to count these, they're just going to be sitting in that This is only four

[14:26] Or, the one I just changed Remember Davy is the weird one Where the stats and the weekly are in the RSR, that runs Summary Report This one takes a while because it's big, Coral Springs, but I'm pretty sure I can just keep going on the other ones and it'll catch up Last one.

[16:02] Okay, hang on a sec. I'm just sorting out the Downloads folder. So, I got one that is labeled 1 here that I gotta go find it. The old version. Okay, it looks like that one was just a duplicate download from today, so I deleted the one with the parentheses 1. Okay, so these are now all ready to get downloaded. It dragged over into Cursor, and I don't have a way to parse them to get them to be where they're gonna, supposed to go. I could write a script for this, but I'm just gonna do it manually, cause this might be the last time I'm doing it. Okay, so now, uhm, they're gonna go, start with the Brome. There's an XLS. Here's a curated, uh, this is old. Okay, it's right here.

[17:03] So I'm gonna get the Brome one, and I'm gonna put it here. Replace. Uh, close it. Okay, oops. And the Bend. Uh, let's just close that. Let's just open the one that I'm doing. Let's give myself a little bit bigger target here. Bend. I was gonna do this very often. This would be nice, be nice to automate. So I can see here, that change was automatic. Under, it's this one here. So you can see the changes there. Okay. That can get closed. This one can get opened. That can get opened. Combate can get added. That should replace one. Replace it. All right, let's close one of them. Crossrings. Again, tedious. Just gonna make sure.

[18:11] The check is that when you drag it in, it says replace. If you get the wrong one, it'll just add it. Okay. There we go. Now, Now, CRLN is derivative. That would explain gets created from FLNP, FLSP, and FL, and CRLN get created from FLNP. So there's not, there is no XLSX in here. Uh, okay. XLSX. Uh-huh. Which one is this? Davey. Come down Down here my spot right here. Replace. Bingo. Okay. Okay, I can close Davey, FLNP.

[19:15] Where are the XLS? Not right there. Okay. Replace. Close these. Okay. That's done. There's There. Replace. Okay, three more. Replace. Replace. Okay, now we are in Codeland.

[20:38] Which is great. Uhm. What file is this here? Okay. Close all these. Okay, uhm. So, if we come up here, close down all these, now, you'll see there are three, I think there should be three. Uh, I don't need to change these, these are those lookups that I mentioned, which you can just export as CSV and drag over if the URLs change. And again, you wouldn't need to change this one if you blew out the Google SheetPub and created a new one and you get a new link, but I don't need to do that. Okay, so now there are four

[21:44] Python files that we're gonna need to get into. So the first one is to create the, the CSVs. Okay, I don't need to open that over here. It should already be open over here. This one, this one with the ugly name. Um, right. Insight, Curate, Verify, Manifest. Is this it? Yeah, this is it. Okay, sure, it should be just set up to run. Okay, so let's do this. It's, you can uncomment this one to just run a single one, but we're gonna run one, two, three, four, five. six, seven, eight, nine. All of them except Floodlamp. So let's run them. This, this might to this as it comes up. It should be verifying, uhm, as it goes. I guess we should be looking at this maybe. The Verify Pass,

[23:10] Pass. I mean, I should accumulate this, uhm, many of these contain missing. This is just showing us which ones are there. Uhm, let's check the Verify. This worries me a little bit. Uh, Weekly Summary Not- Weekly Sheet Not Found. Which one is this for? Okay, I'm seeing here that it's saying- all- all these normal ones are- like, the normal ones are Abroam, Ben,

[24:14] Combate, uh, Fudlamp, Needem, although- actually, you know, Abroam, Ben, and Combate are the most normal. So, I'm seeing this Skip APS Weekly, Weekly Sheet Not Found. I think that's probably just a bug in that it's not looking for the Ref Weekly, but I'm just gonna ask AI this, so I'm gonna do Command-L, gonna do a new thread, I'm gonna paste this in from the terminal, I'm gonna drag this over, Thank very I'm gonna say, okay, I'm running this, uhm, Python module to create the curated CSVs, and I'm seeing in the verification step that it's showing that it's skipping the verification on the, uhm, Weekly Summaries.

[25:16] CSV, because it's not, Weekly Sheet isn't found. It said it tried RefWeekly first. Uhm, so, explain what's going on with that. I think this code is working. I mean, I think it, this code is correctly creating the Weekly Summary CSV. It's just, something's wrong with that verification. So, uh, what is that, and what needs to be done to fix it. Yeah, I don't want to, I don't want to troubleshoot, and I don't want to try to improve this code too much, because, you know, it's working, this is a one-off thing, it's, it's not gonna, you know, this is not gonna be put into production, or run again on any other files, so it just needs to work to serve its purpose here, and it's okay if it's a little clunky.

[26:28] Uhm, so, I'm just gonna proceed, we'll come back and take a look at this in a second, uhm, and, uhm, just scanning these, you know, verify and pass, I mean, I've run this a bunch and not looked at these, and I guess I didn't notice that before. So, what this did was this went and you can see that the only file that's changed here, I think it recreated and wrote over all these files, but they're, you know, byte, byte for byte, identical, except for this one, and now this one should have the change we made, and that's is down here, uh, which we gotta go back and look. Okay, it's the second one under Referrals and Respondent,

[27:29] Number of Referral Confirmed Floodlamp Positives. That's what we're looking for. I'm pretty certain it's there. Number of Referral Confirmed Floodlamp Positives. Okay, that's right over here. And it's in line 45. Okay. And I'm not gonna go bother going to check this on all of them. It, it should be there. Uhm, you can see it's here, yeah. Okay, so this one hasn't changed at this aggregate, and you'll see why here in a second. Okay, so, uhm, for these, uh, four Python modules, these create the CSVs, so now I need to run Floodlamp, because you'll also see if we come over here to this, this one hasn't changed yet, but it should be after we run this.

[28:34] This one's a special version for FLMP, because FLMP contains the two programs, CRLN and FLSP. Okay, done. Look, that got created. Okay, so we're good there. Let's just check this one. Close. Referral confirmed, FLMP positive. There it is. Okay, great. So now we've run two of two of these, and now this gets a little fuzzy for me because I haven't done this kind of end-to-end before.

[29:34] Uhm, I think we can run this one now. Okay, this one should do the aggregate and do the markdowns. And these could be combined to do all of these additional steps in a row, but I don't think it's worth it to, ,change the code and do that. Okay, so what this created is this zips file, ,er, folder, which contains all the zips and CSVs and the XLS and then combines them. Notice aggregate's not in here. It has now made the aggregate folder, ,here. And now, again, this is, ,this, this has changed. That's interesting. Data summary. Oh yeah, I think this... Oh, that's a markdown. Okay, great.

[30:40] So, ,this one's changed. It's gonna be that same one. Oh, ooh, that's interesting. This one didn't change yet. Why not? See, it's good to spot-check this stuff. Let me troubleshoot this a second. I'm gonna come over here to Source Control and look at that. Okay, before I come back to troubleshoot the aggregate one, uhm, this is finished and I can see what's going on here.

[31:54] It's getting the weekly summary from the RFR instead of from the APS because the sheet names are incorrect here for what it should be looking for. Bye. The, the, uhm, this weekly, like if we go to one of the normal ones, Combate or Brome, this is drawing from, from the RFR anyway. So it's the same, but the code, I wanted the code to pull from the APS. Weekly.

[32:56] There we go. And then we don't need this one. It shouldn't be lowercase. We're gonna just force it to be what they actually are. Okay. I'm not even gonna run that again to test it because it doesn't matter. Okay, so now, why is aggregate 1? Not getting the update. I'm just gonna ask AI. So, I'm gonna give it this file.

[34:05] And I'll give it, for the other one, a Brome. Okay, I'm troubleshooting a, uhm, propagation of a change through this, uhm, data pilot's data processing pipeline, and I've updated one of the metric, uhm, descriptions for why one of the, one of these fields, it's the second one down in the section that's called, uhm, referrals and correspondence. And I changed agree positives to number of referral confirmed floodlamp positives.

[35:19] And everything's been working. I'm seeing it propagate to the individual sites and it, and it propagates to this StatsKeyValues.csv. So I've included one of those here. I mean, that's the ABRM one. And it, so it's making its way through to the StatsKeyValues.csv. That's all correct. But now, I want I ran, uhm, I ran the, uhm, the ZipPilotData with Markdown and AggregatePythonModule. Uhm, And it, what I ran in that is this, get this out of the way. This PilotDataPipeline with everything equal to true, here I'll paste in that section so you can focus on it. And this should create the aggregate, and it should overwrite the one that's there, and it should have the new updated, uhm, metric that I changed, but it doesn't.

[36:29] So, uhm, let me include that aggregate one that doesn't have it. Yep, this one still has agree positives. Although, interestingly, it is showing up as changed. So I don't know why that is. So, tell me why that change isn't propagating through to the aggregate. I mean, I could try deleting the CSV and re-use it. Rerunning it, but I shouldn't have to do that. So, tell me, tell me what's going on here. And if a change needs to be made to the code, make a change. But make it be a super targeted change. Because I don't want to risk breaking anything in this Python module. Okay, do it. Alright, I'll pause it and wait for this response. Okay, let's check this out. So the broom file has a new metric name, number of referral confirmed positives. Okay. Oh, it's a hardcoded metric definition?

[37:33] Huh. Okay, well, some things were hardcoded. Uh, you know, I'm just gonna, again, we're not trying to, win any awards for this code here, so I'm just gonna let it fix it and deal with it being hardcoded. Now, you know, we might have this update based on what's in the files. Uhm, uhm.

[38:36] I'm debating, I mean, how, what I could do is have it modify the code to compare to see if those are all the same across all the sites, confirm that they are, and then use that instead of the hard-coded version. Uhm. Maybe I'll have it make an extra little module to do that and just run that. That seems like a good middle ground between doing it the right way and doing it a kludged but wait it's not changing this too much so let me just make sure sure that it's fixed.

[39:46] Yeah, okay, good, it's fixed now. Uhm, okay, I accepted that change and it did fix it but it's a bit of a kludged thing to have these just hardcoded in there because as you can see I changed it and then it doesn't propagate and I don't know that. So, what I'd like you to do is, I want you to create an additional function, uhm, and you can put it right before the RunPilotDataPipeline and what I want this one to do is to check all of these metrics in the StatsKeyValues.csv for all of the sites and it should check that, uhm, all the metrics, the section and the metrics are the same and this, there's going to have to be one exception and I think that's for FLMP key, which has an extra.

[40:54] Section called Pooling at the end. So ignore the section Pooling, uhm, in FLMP. Uhm, and what this little extra utility kind of function should do is, uhm, it should check that they're all the same, and then, in the current CSVs, and it should check that it's the same as the I gotta see where, I don't even know where that's hardcoded. I'm just gonna search for this.

[42:30] against that, and confirm that it's all the same. And then, let's just add, have this return a Boolean, like, does this check pass, and if it passes, then return true, if it doesn't pass, return false, and so then let's just, again, this is a bit of a kludge, but put in the run pilot data pipeline, put doing this check, and if the check fails, have it abort, and report to the user to update the metrics global dictionary, uhm, and then report, you know, if there's a mismatch between the sites, have it report that as well. Okay, so that would be, just be a, yes, it's a kludge way to do this, but, uhm, it should prevent this problem that we just had, and be, you know, an acceptable path forward.

[43:33] Okay, do that. Uhm, one of the things I'm doing right now with the code is I'm only wanting it to really do additions, and that ends up making it kind of kludged. I don't want to, like, end up doing a significant refactor and change of things, because this is working. Uhm, and, yeah. And this very well may be the last time I run this code, and it very well may be the last time anybody runs this code. It very well may be the case that no human being ever runs this code again. Uhm, so, that argues for just getting this done, even if it's a big change.

[44:38] Okay. Okay, I'm updating my checklist here, and while this is running, I'm going to read through what it says here at the end. I like these summaries. This looks like it's doing what I want. I'm not sure why I made this, these metrics. It's a lot of extra code, but that's okay. Run PilotDataPipeline. It looks like these are just additions, right? So it's

[45:38] Okay, aggregates, Okay, you know, I could have kept them. I don't know why I changed it to aggregates. That's, I guess it's, Okay, uhm. Uh-oh. Oh, crap. Okay, let me,

[46:44] Okay, I was afraid of this. Uhm, maybe there are more inconsistencies than I know. And, gosh, I don't want to rerun this whole pipeline, but, I do, These really should be consistent. Uhm, so, look at this and see what's going on. And, troubleshoot this. closer look at this as well, but I want you to help me understand what's inconsistent here with these, uh, you know, metric definitions and the stats. Because I'm gonna have to go back to the Google Sheets to, to look and to fix them and then propagate this. Again, And this could take a while, and I'm not excited about it, but these are. These do need to be consistent.

[47:50] At this point, they shouldn't be different among the Google Sheets. Go back and make them all reference off the same thing, which is maybe the best approach, but I'm not excited about making that change. So, uhm, yeah, let's just look at this and see, see what's going on. Tell me, tell me what's inconsistent. Okay, it looks like there are a number of things to fix here in terms of getting these consistent. Uh, some are typos in the Google Sheets, and one of them has it correct. Referrals misspelled. Average misspelled. Uhm, then it's reporting a structural inconsistency.

[48:53] This worries me a little bit more. I gotta fix that. You know, before I hit keep here, I'm gonna go check all the Google files. And try to just get all these fixed and consistent. So, let me do that. And then I should just be able to paste the same thing into all of them. Get this, get this done once and for all. Okay. You know, I'm gonna go ahead and stop this video and then pick up from here and the next one.